Block: [roaring punch]
Enough messing around!
Crocodine: Howl, Vortex Axe!
Take this!
I shall be your
opponent, young mage.
Well, you're going to have to
catch me first, aren't you?
[snarling]
[charging roar]
Hadlar: So... this is the
power of the Dragonoid...
A truly worthy
opponent, aren't you?!
You still don't seem
to understand...
It's over!
Baran: A Dragonoid will not stop
until its opponent is destroyed.
This is the ultimate
battle form of my kind.
And now that I have
unleashed this power...
you don't stand a chance -
no matter how
hard you might try!
C-Curse you!
[pained howl]
Now you can't use that sword.
Difficult to cast
spells, too, isn't it?
Hadlar [thought]:
He's strong... Too strong!
The Superior Being
body was created
based on the
Dragonoid's abilities.
It should rival or even
surpass his might...
So, why? Why can't
I do anything to him?!
Mystvearn: Such power...
Even Hadlar is
no match for him.
It seems that our friend has
disturbed the hornet's nest.
The Dragon Knight
is no different from
any other beast in nature.
They'll display
incredible strength
to protect their offspring,
and punish any transgression.
Baran can't control himself.
I suppose... that
settles things, then.
Regrettable.
Mystvearn: You're going
to detonate the Black Core?
Hadlar already
lost this battle
and I believe he has
earned some kind of mercy.
Has he not?
All I need to do is unleash a
finger's worth of magic power...
and the Core will explode.
The next move Baran
makes against Hadlar...
Will be his final one.
Well, it seems the Dark Lord
still has some fight left.
[pained snarl]
You would seriously attempt
an Ultra Combustion Slash
with a broken arm?
It's futile!
Well, futile or otherwise...
Accepting my fate without trying
would be worse than this pain.
I will not back down.
Not after all I've done!
Very well.
I'm waiting, Hadlar.
[roaring]
[growling]
[snarling]
Hadlar: [grim chuckle]
How disappointing
it is, Baran, truly...
To come so far, yet still
wind... up... short....
Vearn: Your final effort
was most impressive, Hadlar.
But never fear;
Just as you hoped...
your demise can
still bring about
the Dragon Knight's
annihilation.
Your moment of glory arrives.
Now reveal your
fury, Black Core!
What's this?
But, how?!
I cast my magic power,
and yet nothing happened...
Why didn't the Core detonate?
Baran: [chuckling]
You underestimated
me, Dark King.
Why do you think...
that I accepted Hadlar's
final challenge, you fool?
This moment - I was waiting
for this very moment.
So I could contain the Core's
blast with my Draconic Aura!
Very clever, Baran.
So, he was prepared
for the explosion.
What...
What is that thing?
And what was it doing
inside my body?!
You are a Darkling, you must
have heard of these before.
This is a Black Core.
A Black Core?!
Hadlar: That's...
That's impossible!
a cursed legendary
explosive...
It was inside
of me all this time?
Who... Who would
do such a thing?!
Who do you think it was?
It was your king.
The one who promised
you the surface world,
all the while
intending to destroy it-
and you in the process!
K-King Vearn?
I see...
So, all this time you and
Dai were holding back because
you feared you might indirectly
set off the Black Core...
What happened... What happened
to having a fair fight?
There was no way you could
have won under such conditions.
I sacrificed my own body...
I sacrificed my life
to have this battle!
[howling]
Mystvearn: Hadlar...
Killvearn: Oh, my.
How very pathetic.
Vearn: It can't be
helped, Killvearn.
I didn't expect the
power of Baran's Aura
to be this strong
in the Dragonoid form.
And yet he managed to
repel my Magic Power.
How very impressive.
But as the Core's creator,
all I need to do is get
near enough to the device
to trigger the
detonation sequence.
So be it.
I shall go there myself and
erase them along with the Core.
Killvearn: But, my king...
if you go out there,
you're going to make
the rest of us look bad!
Right, Myst?
[amused chuckle]
And there he goes.
Baran - wh-what are you doing?
Removing the Core
from your body
before Vearn can
make his next move!
[agonized howl]
Hadlar: Mystvearn?
He's only here
to try and stop me.
Is it true?
D-Do you... Do you
share King Vearn's will?!
Have you come
to cast me aside...
Like some broken tool?
Is that it? Was I nothing
more than a pawn to you, too?!
Mystvearn: Hadlar, we both know
the answer to that question.
Mystvearn: The Dark King's plan
takes precedence above all.
Hadlar: I see.
So... this is the end.
Well, Mystvearn, it seems
you're already too late.
Even with you here I cannot
be defeated in battle!
Mystvearn: Don't be so sure.
I need not dirty
my hands with combat-
I can erase the
both of you without it.
W-What - what kind
of power could this be?!
Mystvearn: King Vearn,
do I have your permission?
Indeed. Do it, Mystvearn.
Th-That's...
Mystvearn's true form?!
Yes, now...
Time to embrace the
annihilation of the Black Core!
The device is fully active!
Baran [thought]: Impossible!
My Dragonoid Draconic Aura
should repel any Magic Power.
It would take the presence
of King Vearn himself,
at close proximity,
to do that...
Then that means-
Detonate!
It's going to explode!
It makes no sense at all.
Only the Magic Power
of a Black Core's creator
should be able to detonate it.
Mystvearn, does this mean
that your real form...?
There is no point asking.
In mere moments,
you will both be erased.
Now that you have
seen this face,
you cannot be
allowed to survive.
This is more than
just an earthquake.
Something nearby -
something nearby is
causing this disturbance!
Turn and face me, you fool!
Hyunckel: Everybody,
we need to regroup!
Something's happening
to the Field of Death.
What the...?
[troubled scream]
What is it?! Merle?
A dark force
swallowing everything...
Everyone... will vanish.
Even Popp.
No...
Amy: Calm down.
Merle: [crying]
Could that be what's
causing this earthquake?
Princess!
Emergency!
Something strange is happening
around the Field of Death.
It's like...
an active volcano!
What?!
The others must be
in grave danger.
Princess, please...
We must go save the Heroes!
Flora: Enough.
W-Who...?
I know you!
I... I can't
believe you're here!
Flora: We must leave this
place immediately. Hurry.
All: Right!
Baran [thought]: It's no good.
The explosion is inevitable.
Goodbye, Hadlar and Baran.
The king himself
respected both of you.
And now your names shall
be etched upon my heart...
forevermore.
[pained groan]
[startled cries]
Killvearn: This shaking...
Is the palace finally
going to reveal itself?
That's correct.
Killvearn: Covering up already?
Your true face is so
much more interesting.
Yeah - let's get
another look at 'ya!
Mystvearn's power should not be
exposed without good reason.
Mystvearn: As you
command, my Dark King.
You've done well indeed.
Good, Mystvearn.
It's done. All of it.
The Hero and his
band of traitors
have all been
erased at last...
along with the Field of Death.
Killvearn: So,
we're all that remains.
Right. Just us three...
and my mighty palace, as well.
It is finally time for the
surface world to be erased.
[victorious cackle]
I'm removing the barrier
around our new base now.
The rock that obscured
it is falling away,
revealing our vessel.
But I sense something amiss.
Vearn: After the
Black Core's explosion,
everything aside
from our stronghold
should have been reduced
to nothing but ash.
Could it be?
Mystvearn, have the
Heyedras search the area
for any possible survivors.
Mystvearn: Yes, sire.
[gasping]
Heyedra: Survivors!
Survivors spotted!
Four of them on the left wing.
The Disciples of Avan.
Mystvearn: They survived?
In that explosion?
[chuckling]
My, my - how very
fortunate they all must feel.
Hyunckel: I can't
believe we made it.
That explosion
was unbelievable.
Maam: Who saved us?
Popp: Probably
Crocodine, right?
I mean, who else has
the brute strength
to save us all by
burying us alive?
Stop complaining.
The point is, we're still alive.
I figured that going underground
would shield us from the blast.
So I dug a hole that was
big enough to hide all of us.
Good thinking-
I don't think we could have
survived that, otherwise.
It seems like the
Royal Guard are gone.
We must be the only
ones who actually made it.
[awkward chuckling]
Well, good call!
Yeah, too late.
But, uh... where are we?
It doesn't look
like the Field of Death.
My guess - we're on
top of Vearn Palace.
The blast destroyed the Field,
and exposed what
was hidden underground.
Well, then... that structure
over there must be...
Hyunckel: It must be
the palace's true form.
No way.
Maam: Popp?
Popp [thought]: You're saying
we that just flew into the sky
with Vearn Palace?!
[stunned breath]
Narrator: With Vearn
Palace's true from revealed
after the Black Core's
devastating blast,
the Disciples of
Avan search for Dai,
but instead they find
the horrifying results of
Hadlar and Baran's battle.
And before they can
plot their next move,
the merciless King Vearn
makes his instead...
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Inherited Heart".